The fourth meditation or the value of the conduct or the value of not meditating is, then, is
called the three-conducts.
Those are known as the word "great master" or "great teacher", "great master" in Gurba Masambharsi,
in his teacher.
Exeternal conduct, inward conduct, civic conduct, those are three-conducts.
Exeternal conduct is the physical conduct.
Physical conduct, external conduct is, then, followed according to the Pundreghya teaching of the
Buddha.
The Buddha's teaching. That Pundreghya teaching of the Buddha's conduct is completely based upon
the mindfulness and alertness and consciousness.
What that conduct is? Conduct of the body, conduct of speech, so good our conduct, activity, really
mind, activity of the body, activity of speech,
God with mindfulness, alertness, and consciousness. Always pause, always remember.
And even the Gurba's teaching said, "conduct should be timidhi, timidhi, t-i-m-i-dhi."
Conduct should be timidhi, and conduct should be thoughtful and mindfulness, the physical conduct.
And that means your own conduct will become very beautiful, calm, peaceful, soothing, calming,
thoughtful, appealing, and not too much reactions.
Too much conduct, bumpy, so the outer conduct is like Pundreghya teaching of the Buddha.
In a conduct, as great Master Gurba and Master Samba said, "follow the suttaras."
So that means in a conduct, follow the Mahayana. What that means?
Mahayana is conduct, in a conduct, is conduct of the mind, conduct of the mind or the Mahayana,
more compassion, more loving-kindness, more respect, more appreciation, more thankful.
That nobody see externally, but inwardly, really have more joy, more appreciation, more love, more
compassion, more respect.
And then that will also reflect into the physically, verbally become more gentle, peaceful, but
inwardly.
Mental conduct is bodhicata conduct, or sitting in inner conduct.
The single conduct is Vaidyana conduct. Vaidyana conduct is a fearlessness, not too doubt and not
hesitating, hesitating and not too narrow-minded.
The vastness or the purest motivations see every day as an enlightened status.
This is not just making up that. All the forms are enlightened. All the songs are enlightened.
Songs. All the space of mind is enlightened.
And embracing that nature by the instructions of the teachings will be seen, such as known as
visualizations, complete stage practices.
And that complete stage, the visualization stage is not two different directions.
The union, union of the two stages, correction stage, visualization stage, union of them, seeing
everything,
bring more purity, more divine qualities in the heart and mind, not let, carried and deluded or
arrested by the Divine.
Vaidyana is the practice of the breath and dualities.
So inwardly or secretly have that fellowship stage.
Even you have the highest realization of the Vaidyana teaching. Everything is a divine status.
Everything is a purely status and as eternal, all are exactly same as spiritual teachings.
With thoughtful, with mindfulness, with cautiousness and alertness, with terminus.
And all those, such as, like, in this life, his life, such as great masters, masters we saw, his
only the union.
His only thing of Jesus. His only Dalai Lama. Now, now we see.
They are really according to Vaidyana. They are highest realization, but yet, they are humble and
simple.
And follow the exactly external guidelines of the Buddhas, as the Phonika teaches.
And then inwardly, secretly, a human control, bodhijana, mahayana control, love and compassion.
That we say simply is bodhijana.
Now, even you have the highest, even your highest realization.
Realization, everything is divine, mandala, polka. Everything you see as a Buddha.
And everything is enlightened, all, everything, but your love and compassion, completely saturated.
And filled heart with love and compassion, everything. That is our goal.
It's really when you're corner teaching, when you got the highest, as much as your, you got the
realization of the true nature.
The skull or the rupa, nature of the mind, that much love, that much compassion, that much vajnam
is really growing.
In the Buddha teaching, those who are highly enlightened, their love and compassion comes as their
realization, highest.
There's no one has highest realization and no love, no compassion. That's never happening.
If that's not happening, then their realization is cushionable, not right.
Therefore, love and compassion, as you see in the teaching sit, as much as you got the realization
of the emptiness or realization of the true nature of the mind,
that much love and compassion comes, just so strong. That's why all those great masters, so
compassionate, so kind,
so really, so like, just humble and simple. Those are in the teaching sit. So that is the conduct.